fails:CApiGlobalSpecs correctly gets global values
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs returns $~
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs correctly sets global values
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs lists all global variables
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_define_readonly_variable should define a new readonly global variable
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_rs returns \n by default
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_rs returns the value of $/
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_stdin returns $stdin
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_stdout returns $stdout
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_stderr returns $stderr
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_defout returns $stdout
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_default_rs returns \n
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_rs returns nil by default
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_rs returns the value of $\
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_fs returns nil by default
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_fs returns the value of $\
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_set sets the value of $_
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_set sets a Thread-local value
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_get gets the value of $_
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_get gets a Thread-local value
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_rs returns \n by default
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_rs returns the value of $/
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_stdin returns $stdin
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_stdout returns $stdout
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_stderr returns $stderr
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_std streams rb_defout returns $stdout
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_default_rs returns \n
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_rs returns nil by default
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_rs returns the value of $\
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_fs returns nil by default
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_output_fs returns the value of $\
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_set sets the value of $_
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_set sets a Thread-local value
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_get gets the value of $_
fails:CApiGlobalSpecs rb_lastline_get gets a Thread-local value
